---
layout: post
title: "Sick days and quiet introspection"
summary: "For the past week, I’ve been sick with the flu, and had to rest at home due to my fever. Thus, I’ve missed all
my lectures, including a midterm (my professor has been really understanding and will move my marks to midterm 2 and the
final). So for most of the days, I’m either lying on my bed, doing some homework, or playing phone games. And thinking
of course..."
date: 2020-02-13 15:26:13 +0200
permalink: /sick-days/
emoji: "em-face_with_thermometer"
---

For the past week, I’ve been sick with the flu, and had to rest at home due to my fever. Thus, I’ve missed all my lectures, including a midterm (my professor has been really understanding and will move my marks to midterm 2 and the final). So for most of the days, I’m either lying on my bed, doing some homework, or playing phone games. And thinking of course -- reflecting about why I’m stuck where I am now.


Ever since coming to university, I’ve been consistently going to the gym. I remember last term, when I would go to the gym before my 10am class once or twice per week, and always carried around my lululemon bag with my shoes and clothes. Even during winter break, I went to the gym beside my house. But since term 2 started this year, I haven’t gone to the gym once. I don’t even think I bought the gym pass for this year yet. I’m not sure why I don’t have the motivation to start working out again, but I definitely plan to get back as soon as I’m unsick. Afterall, I’m doing the sun run in less than 2 months, and my current state isn’t going to do.</p>

Furthermore, I started sleeping very very late this past month. Usually around 2 or 3 am. And then I would have 8am classes, and feel so so tired, to the point where I cannot even force myself to open my eyes and look at the board. The truth is, I wasn’t even doing work at 2am. At 9pm, I shower, and get ready for bed. But then, I start going on Youtube, and down the dark rabbit hole of recommended videos. Of all my bad habits, I think this is the worst.

And lastly, eating unhealthy. I remember one day, I didn’t have much to eat for lunch. And then I went to HMart to buy snacks, and after I got home, I was too lazy to cook. So I just ate mochi, Pocky sticks and shrimp crackers for dinner. During the weeks leading up to final exams, I would also buy a lot of unhealthy food, like ice cream, chips, cookies, and popcorn. Basically everything my parents wouldn’t approve of. I guess it was this newfound freedom of grocery shopping and living by myself.

I definitely believe that all these habits led me to getting sick. I feel sad being stuck at home, and having to catch up on all my missed classwork later on. Also I feel pretty guilty knowing that I didn’t treat myself very well in the past month. So in the future, I want to change a couple of things that I believe will improve my life:

- Sleeping early
- Going to the gym 
- Eating healthy

Can't wait to be unsick and move onto the next chapter of my life. I’ll keep you updated.